---
layout:     post
title:     雅思考试大作文练习
subtitle:   灵感大爆发
date:       2019-04-26
author:     火星上的小蘑菇
header-img: img/post-bg-house.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 学英语
---

### Title

Some people believe that it is good to share as much information as possible in Science, business, and academics. Others believe that some information is too important or too valuable to be shared freely.* 

*Discuss both views and give your own opinion.* 

*Is it good to share information?*

### Answer

With the rapid development of Internet, human society has stepped into an information age. Information sharing is becoming increasingly prevalent and easy. Meanwhile, an ethical question arises with these developments—whether to share information in science, business, and academics, etc.?

Some people argue that information should be shared in the areas mentioned above. From their point of view, the progress of human society is associated with sharing of information. For example, a recent explosive news in astronomical field has greatly attracted people’s attention that scientists captured the first image of a black hole that is located in another galaxy. The image of our own galaxy’s black hole will also show up soon. There is no doubt that this scientific research outcome is valuable and remarkable. It is worth noting that the occurrence of this image is brought by five telescopes distributed across five places in North America, South America, and Europe. Without their sharing of information, it is impossible for scientists to obtain this breakthrough.

Other people, however, argue that information should not be shared due to its importance. In their opinion, although science has no boarders, scientists have their own nationalities. Some information is linked to national security and sharing may lead to threats from other countries. For example, the information about nuclear weapon is widely viewed as classified for a country and, from their perspective, should not be shared between countries.

It seems that the ideas from both sides have their own justifications. Nonetheless, I tend to be in favor of the former opinion that information regarding science, business, and academics need to be shared among individuals, companies, and countries. Every step of our species is accomplished through cooperation. In the stone age, cooperation was mostly based on physical help between bribes; in the information age, cooperation should be significantly based on information sharing between countries. 